DWEBP(1)                                                              DWEBP(1)



NAME
       dwebp  decompress a WebP file to an image file

SYNOPSIS
       dwebp [options] input_file.webp

DESCRIPTION
       This manual page documents the dwebp command.

       dwebp decompresses WebP files into PNG, PPM or PGM images.

OPTIONS
       The basic options are:

      h     Print usage summary.

      version
              Print the version number (as major.minor.revision) and exit.

      o string
              Specify  the name of the output file (as PNG format by default).

      ppm   Change the output format to PPM.

      pgm   Change  the  output  format  to  PGM.  The  output  consist   of
              luma/chroma  samples instead of RGB, using the ICM4 layout. This
              option is mainly for verification and debugging purpose.

      nofancy
              Dont use the fancy upscaler for YUV420. This may lead to  jaggy
              edges (especially the red ones), but should be faster.

      nofilter
              Dont  use  the inloop filtering process even if it is required
              by the bitstream. This may produce visible blocks  on  the  non
              compliant output, but will make the decoding faster.

      mt    Use multithreading for decoding, if possible.

      crop x_position y_position width height
              Crop  the decoded picture to a rectangle with topleft corner at
              coordinates (x_position, y_position) and size  width  x  height.
              This  cropping  area  must  be fully contained within the source
              rectangle.  The topleft corner will be snapped to even  coordi
              nates  if  needed.   This  option  is meant to reduce the memory
              needed for cropping large images.  Note: the cropping is applied
              before any scaling.

      scale width height
              Rescale  the  decoded  picture to dimension width x height. This
              option is mostly intended  to  reducing  the  memory  needed  to
              decode large images, when only a small version is needed (thumb
              nail, preview, etc.).  Note: scaling is applied after  cropping.

      v     Print extra information (decoding time in particular).

      noasm Disable all assembly optimizations.


Examples:
       dwebp picture.webp o output.png
       dwebp picture.webp ppm o output.ppm




SEE ALSO
       cwebp(1).
       Please   refer  to  http://code.google.com/speed/webp/  for  additional
       information.

AUTHOR
       dwebp was written by the WebP team.
       The latest source tree is available at http://www.webmproject.org/code

       This  manual  page  was  written  by  Pascal   Massimino   <pascal.mas
       simino@gmail.com>,  for the Debian project (and may be used by others).



                              September 19, 2011                      DWEBP(1)
